Pac-Man is a 2d, top down camera style maze game.
The player eats dots in the maze, and must evade ghosts.  If the player eats big dots then the player can eat the ghosts for a short time.

Pac-Man
----------------
The player controls Pac-Man, a yellow circle with a mouth that eats dots.
If Pac-Man collides with a ghost, a life is lost and Pac-Man repawns.
If Pac-Man recently ate a big dot and collides with a ghost he will not only stay alive but also eat the ghost, earning points.
If all lives are lost the game is over.  The game begins with 3 lives.
Pac-Man is awarded a bonus life only once at 10000 points.

Dots
----------------
Dots are placed periodically on the pathways between the maze walls, and when Pac-Man eats all the dots,
the game levels up, the dots are replaced, and the ghosts and Pac-Man are respawed.
The dots in the four corners of the maze are big dots.
When Pac-Man eats a big dot, he can eat ghosts for a short period of time and earn points.
Eating a small dot earns 10 points and eating a big dot earns 50 points.

Ghosts
----------------
The ghosts are spawned in a ghost pen area.
The ghosts wander the maze, and when Pac-Man is in sight, they chase him until he is out of sight.
If a ghost collides with Pac-Man a life is lost and Pac-Man is respawned.
If Pac-Man eats a big dot the ghosts run away from him until he can no longer eat them.
If a ghost is eaten by Pac-Man the ghost is momentarily respawned.

Fruits
----------------
Fruits appear periodically on the Pac-man spawn point. A fruit will appear twice in each level,
the first time when 1/3 of the dots are eaten and again when 2/3 of the dots are eaten.
The type of fruit which appears is decided randomly,
and no fruit should be choosen twice unless there are no fruits left to pick.
If Pac-Man eats a fruit then points are earned according to this chart:

Fruits

Cherries
Strawberry
Orange
Apple
Grapes
Peach
Tomato
Pear
Kiwi
Pineapple
Watermelon
Banana

Points       Level
   100           1
   300           2 
   500           3
   700           4
  1000           5
  2000           6
  3000           7
  5000           8
  7000           9
 10000          10
 20000          11
 30000   12 and up

Maze
----------------
Pac-Man and the ghosts cannot walk through the maze walls.
If a ghost or Pac-Man walks to the edge of the map, they are wrapped around to the other side.

Main Menu
----------------
The game's main menu will feature 6 operations:

New Game
Resume (by pressing pause)
Hi Scores
Map Editor
Options
Quit

The game can be controlled via the keyboard, mouse, or joystick.
The game must have a very responsive interface, contain graphic artwork, and load as fast as possible.
The controls and interface must be as intuitive as possible.

Heads Up Display
----------------
The game's HUD displays the current score, high score, and the number of lives.